all right it started recording so this
is the basic repairs April 23rd JSI PDF
team weekly sync up today we are selling
a little bit late because of however
changes but yes like so some people here
you can join some people didn't get to
join us today some people didn't get to
join us but I didn't left the updates on
the notes so as usual we always do a run
on update and I use some of the
questions let's see if we first of all
always around doing these good scare
faces as you know well boom alright so
I'll start with my usual I came back
from the woods so for the last two weeks
I was out and no I'm back oh my and like
checking on my email and get unloaded
Asians you might have seen that activity
on your vacations long and so I'm
basically reviewing all the words that
people have been pushing merging things
as they are ready trying to give reviews
you know and for me I'm not booked in
anything the things that are more
important for me to get stun he's really
getting the next two is adjusted penis
there's like so many things I was just
commenting that although oh and there's
like many things that need step margin
release and so I need to write a very
comprehensive
I like change walk for the release and I
also believe that the other item that
works importantly for me to set up the
protocol to share the captainship of
multiple modules so that more people can
become main reviewers people to merge
pilars and release so the time loss the
bottom like anymore
I think like we definitely felt that
with all the last weeks and what changes
so that's it from me any questions for
me all right my questions let's go to
the next one so Volker is not here today
I was just like readout is a plate he
has been really basically topic
benchmark interesting okay I am I guess
is work reason why he's doing his
benchmarking is because he's going to
work on graphs in this quarter
and he has mean walked by the IPL D
format so I feel like format is an
interface for IPL deep against
apparently is waiting for commodities
with you in case kebab is not around
perhaps like if others here and I can
post I know the PR so I'll post here
darling I don't if others could give
like you typically wouldn't give him
feedback to be really appreciated and
then he's going to work on a like a P I
for the Jays have a pencil I and like
sketch I'll give it to me and I guess
like you know it's at someone I know I
see next up we have Dimitri hey so I've
worked on a little bit more on
coolympics
implementation to implementation is
completed I'm just making some
improvements the performance I compared
the performance to the old
implementation using the classic streams
or nodejs streams and right now running
the mega stress test there's about a
15-minute difference which comes down to
being about a a couple of milliseconds
per test basically or per iteration
which is not that much and I the reason
is because I'm not using a I'm
allocating a buffer too often I just
need to use a above her pool just
instead of allocating that buffering and
moving things around just pre-allocate a
fixed size pool and and keeprite
anything so that that should that should
improve it and I think that will bring
it that by the way that test takes like
two hours to run or something it's it's
pretty long test it's pretty intensive
test so 15 minutes and that like
comparing it like that it's only anybody
but I don't strive to be equal the thing
is like right now the peer-to-peer em
Plex is wrapping no jet stream or poo
stream to not just same - they're like
poster mcgann and they're like double
wrapped should add a lot of latency like
we should see like performance
improvements on your like 10 to 30% and
now also memory consumption reduction
because now just have one set of pull
strings right so so actually adding
millisecond yeah right oh go ahead turn
no just like the time that he adds new
seconds means like there's a lot of room
because I before you had a sandwich and
now you guys have like it should be
fasteners with yep yep no angry and I
think that the improvement will come
from just removing this just using a
pool very a buffer pool that should
improve it a lot and I also started
looking into
netting
adding nan to circulate or now that have
circular really rather at nad support
into JSA confess similar to what the
cosa go does just reading some talks and
looking into how to implement that and
that's that's pretty much it yeah I'm
gonna spend some more time trying to
optimize the pool M stream the pool
request is open I can post the link if
you it's smart this week right now but I
think it's I'll clean it up a little bit
and remove the Widmark and it can be
reviewed and any feedback as to where
the performance while it might be it's
appreciated I've profiled it myself a
few times and I don't see anything
there's a little bit of just see
overhead but other than that it doesn't
seem to be doing all that much but
there's definitely room for improvement
so I'll open up the pr for everyone to
review and why'd you guys so got it
thanks last week I finished up the or
the custom lock repo I'm that got
merchants today David back so now we can
add custom lockers into ipfs repos
I've also updated the data store s3
example in that repo so now use the
custom Locker because before it was just
using memory um so there's a PR out for
that as well I'll be working on the
private network stuff ik continuing on
that this week I also talked with David
this morning about kind of the state of
Lib p2p switch and so I'll probably be
working on a refactor of that and try to
incorporate some of the state machine
changes for lid p2p into that as well
sweet also some work with the s3 repo
and the custom seconds for Sevilla Pez
I'm really excited about that and what
that enables we like the parity to IP
events like we should get that's like
Bridget like the parity to IP best
bridge upgraded like just stop taking
the penalties and then I think about
writing a blog post about it it's really
cool to ever that people still being
able to fetch my blogs from all these
other networks by this person with this
awesome stuff cool thank you any
questions for Jacob next hi guys so I've
been researching with p2p and connection
management for Jas in the browser after
my talk with Bharata shader and gave me
some guidelines some stuff to research
about so that's mainly what I'm doing
was lost last week also helps the ogle
improve the a sheer browser builds at
least with web web pack we try to work
we try to add roll up instead of work
back because it should be buried for
packages like ours but we it's a couple
of gold blocks and we decided to move
that work for a for another time so with
we're back we have the dead stuff
working and the Yahoo should be
finishing up the last weeks and should
be doing a pull request to add
spotlights on Asia so the next I'll be
doing a request to add a couple features
to Asia tests like sporting the bail
option on marker so the two when I'm
doing
local tests I can just bail on there on
the first error and don't wait for all
the tests to run because it it takes a
long time so it's a really easy faulty
quest but you're choosing probe a lot in
the developer experience also I'll be
reviewing play quests on the connection
manager and also and I will be solving
the issue on p2p those who were assigned
to me right it's a chance well we won't
come back for this I do you feel
anything like I feel like I have a
pretty good grasp right now of course I
for sure I'll be meeting some help from
people for the next couple of weeks
please but right now I think I'm good to
start working on the HP and especially
on connection manager I just mentioned
that there is a discussion for the
connection manager about how to deny
connections on arrival or we're not
accepting connections once a certain
threshold is reached and also giving
priority to certain P your server odors
and things like that just bringing it up
to see if you're aware of that
discussion
it's from either question yeah yeah I
talked about about it with video to
share and if you have a link for an
issue where you are discussing that
stuff we quit
and we talked a little bit about that
I'm sure and some other
additional ways to handle all the
accepting and blocking some of the
connection because right now we just
accept and just then drop which is adds
additional costs and set up the socket
and stuff like that and we should be not
accepting the connection in first place
and we talks about about its on the
connection man and scope which we
arrived at a conclusion that that stuff
should we end over the lower level and
we will continue to talk about it since
I do which way it's the best way to to
go with that but it's definitely the
topic that we will be talking about one
more question you mentioned that you
tried to use roll-up for a Jew and I
know thanks Travis for being here on
this nozzle that's like the QA testing
and Jax email okay edger and improvement
until first like are the notes why roll
up didn't work written anywhere these
experiments any recommendation from me I
have to read through the the roll-up
notes I haven't seen those yet but I
think I think there is an advantage to
moving back towards community tools just
because it's one less thing that the
community or the core team has to manage
themselves but it does produce some
flexibility and I think that's important
thing to take into consideration is what
can be you know what flexibility is
required for the projects I don't know
if there it may be better just to find a
way to to make sure that the projects
you know the ipfs will appear up here
and such are fitting into community
standards just because that way also
helps with developer onboarding if it
fits into community tools it's going to
provide you know community
to come back into the project but so I
definitely think it's worth the effort
to move that way I know right now I'm
starting to write up a couple issues
around testing and the large part of of
what that I could ever pronounce it that
edgy air or whatever it kind of does
you know it's test release you know kind
of kind of stuff so yeah I don't have
too much at the moment but I'm gonna
start kind of diving into always the
testing practices a little bit a little
bit more that's what I'm kind of [ __ ]
you know at the moment it's doing the
testing one-on-one education trying to
bring people up to speed on trying to
one retrofit some of our tests diving
into those understanding their impact
and what might come out of that is the
actual like test runners and those kind
of things that come in coming in those
areas so regarding old age yourself and
actually have a quick talk scheduled
with BMX to talk about some of that
stuff ready compiled a list of couple of
topics to talk about some of that stuff
it's like little issues or roadblocks
that we encountered while onboarding or
trying to add something or building a
quick demo as and that as three have a
lot of experience with browser tooling
and browser workflows so I think we we
can help a lot improving at least
regarding browser and that's the as I
already told you will actually improve
the the community to start really fast
building a quick demo using ipfs and
right now we can see a lot of issues in
the a lot of ripples talking about I
cannot use a BFS we create reactor or
stuff like that and though these issues
about the bills for the browser will
solve all that stuff it's not actually
like right rocket science it's really
easy stuff but we have a couple of
issues that as the older leaves
especially ipfs as a topical people are
were written
Nold in mind and so some of the stuff
it's really actually make it really
clean so that the browser build is as
small as possible and this isn't to
integrate with at least with the three
main bundlers like browsing fire hall up
on my back which we mostly have found
ways to make that work and in the next
couple which we should be creating pull
requests to improve that but it's it's
like it's hard work because all the the
ripples we all need to release and you
build using the Neo a AG bill so because
if they don't don't do that
it everything doesn't work together and
we have a solution a temporary solution
to support a different bill that goes
through the all the dependencies and
bundles everything but that's not the
best way to do it the best way to eat
each peak ripple runs the build itself
and then when someone wants to do the
bundling it's already ready to be a
bundle but you guys will see it in in
the poll requests everything explained
with those approaches and if you guys
agree with that stuff which we should be
able to improve for lots on board a note
sounds super exciting I think like you
you basically are like packing a lot of
like many great questions like from like
how to enable developers that like come
from the react world and I want to use
PageRank and how can we help them like
you just because without them leading to
the PS 5 like the fact of the exact half
expect you to use yes 5 oh no and
there's a lot of things they're in and
yeah I'm excited to see all these notes
and and again like every noted like what
planning like water what is the
motivation whatever features what will
be the results or like what we expect
with the results and like the community
all that because then that becomes like
a very good material to send to the
teams that are building those bunglers
let's say hey Ike here's all the things
we went through to make ipfs happy for
you guys maybe they can learn from us
cool ok so we have a little bit over
time I'm sorry but we still have one
update so I want to keep saying
microphone cool so last week I emerged
from the beach and so just sort of
getting caught back up
I noticed that poker left some comments
on the P R so I'll address this comments
and move forward with pull streams
that's it done yeah see stuff apparently
I think I was the blocker again the
whole story of like module captains in
the weeds because poker was waiting for
me to agree on the breaking change so
yeah definitely I should get that
protocol to empower more people to
become captains as soon as possible
given the right guideline then probably
Travis I was just like sending you the
purple for you to review I was like just
like to make sure I'm not missing
anything that first there's a nav too
much overhead like the process I'm like
what means to be a captain and second
like if I think that can be automated so
they're not a burden they're actually
just like nice things like for example
maybe surgical things went there like
there is poor request reviews and there
is like all these like words like all
these defense mechanism in place really
tested to like phantom power the new
captain's too much like Lancer then we
have a huge time sink
de Circulo cool alright um so this was a
pretty good day to be back a lot of
things for me to do I didn't hear
anything specifically on people saying
why embarks on X Y and T and I need you
to review as soon as possible so I guess
I'll just continue with my normal mode
of operation I just go through all the
issues as fast as possible let me know
if that changes rather weak also again
I'm available for like their programming
or just their bouncing balls like and
forwards ideas because I think does
everyone feel confident oh by the way
Travis like yeah didn't you elevate here
do you want to share an epic from I mean
yeah I'm just like I said I was about to
see I'm working right now with open up
an issue to kind of discuss what tests
should all that moving forward um
because there's a I mean the issue it's
kind of dense um and then along with
that is is kind of focusing on trying to
build up you know one make test
consistent make it easier for people to
contribute to test make sure we're
testing the right things and then also
provide knowledge base documentation
with how to properly test how to you
know get information from ipfs notes so
you can test them and those kind of
things that's kind of like my I guess
with the QQ okay are that I'm focus you
know on its that test education but and
then I'll probably fill in my spare time
with other things to help improve the
community and developer productivity
suite and I know you guys have been like
this testing is deeply and like to bring
all of materials to how place like to
like raise the bar also consider that
like if you describe the work and it so
happens at least for this first phase
because there is like so many shuffling
really need to happen to improve all
tests that can be paralyzed
then we as a group as a community in
easily like layout to plan I like all
the tests that need to be done and like
paralyzed with a bunch of individual or
bringing people even extra people just
to help as you go through first that
through that first wave because then
once then set the bar is set for like
all the tests and it's easy to grow to
expand upon rather than waiting for them
gradually to change over time over many
many months no I think definitely be
focusing on or wait - Travis we can hear
you crows
yeah
no I'm just signaling drivers yeah sorry
it's like I know you wait up again okay
we're good so yeah no we're gonna it's
gonna be community focus it's mostly
gonna be like Wayne out you know trying
to find the the comment that the common
patterns focus on those highlight them
and then highlight areas that aren't
following them and how to transition
between them and then just kind of lay
that out
people can then slowly improve on those
the you know can take you know maybe a
system improve those tests and then we
can bring everything up to a certain
level I think part of that though like I
said is going to be figuring out exactly
how we want to test this community
following different practices and that
one said that that will be laid out in
an issue coming forward sounds good
looking forward you just join now but
like we are really wrapping up here over
time if you want to share your updates
propel the Vyasa good to see you hello
so you can argue it in 30 seconds
you really want to show you updates yeah
well I just got home and I thought the
call was 30 minutes late
I don't know yeah like the calendar
change for some reason my recommendation
they're like what I do for myself
I just subscribe to the community
calendar so I look at like I use my
calendar as my source of food for
planning my day and so I saw it on the
right place just because I had that but
yeah the ID fest Island also moved one
hour before well that's like key for
that discussion I think does everyone
feel that they know what their own
confident cool all right
what we can tell like all right good bye
everyone ever great week see you and the
influence Thanks